Here is the transcript formatted as regular paragraphs without timestamps:

Hello, my name is Frank Bissell and I'd like to introduce you to our company Piano Depot, located in Magna Music Complex. How I got involved in the piano retail and service business comes from a long history of experiences. Right out of high school I went to college as a piano major, and then in 1975 I started to apprentice with a piano tuner in the Philadelphia area, learning the trade. When my mentor passed away, I went on to further schooling, became a piano and organ major, and then received a master's degree in 1982. Right out of graduate school I worked for a large piano and organ company in the Wilkes-Barre area, and then left there to work for myself in the area of selling and servicing used pianos.

We've built a shop and warehouse in Clifford, Pennsylvania, and we still do rebuilding and refurbishing of pianos and organs out of our Clifford warehouse and shop location. In 2006 the company that I worked for went out of business, and I purchased their remaining inventory and assets. With the encouragement of my old boss, I started our company called Piano Depot, also known as Piano Organ Depot. We moved our pianos into the Magna Music Complex back then in 2006 in the Olyphant area, and we've been here ever since.

Now I started out in the early 80s in the piano organ retail business, mostly selling home and church organs. Back then, the largest part of the industry, the music sales industry, was pianos and organs. That was back in the day when companies had a large staff of salesmen, movers, tuners, and miscellaneous workers. Our company was primarily a sales-oriented company and we did no service at all - we hired that out.

Now with the advent of the computer age, there has been this decline in the organ business which has been primarily replaced by the digital piano and keyboard industry. Also, many of these companies, for the most part these larger companies, have gone out of business, and many of them have gone into MI businesses. A great example is that of Guitar Center, which at one time was called the Organ Music Center. Today every major manufacturer of home organs has gone out of business in our country. With that, there has been a great shift from the piano organ business to the piano business and keyboard business.

Now our company has two websites: one is pianoorgandepo.com and our new website pianodepot.com. Now I still have a love for organs, both home organs and church organs. Our goal for our old website pianoorgandepo.com is to focus more on organs, and for pianodepot.com on pianos, especially new pianos. It's unfortunate that there's been such a shift in the business, but we are still involved in the organ business, mostly selling rebuilt vintage Hammond organs and newer digital church organs.

Now today we are primarily selling the new Yamaha pianos and digital pianos. There is no company in the world that has such an extensive array of keyboard instruments like the Yamaha company. Mr. Yamaha, the originator of the Yamaha company, started making reed organs back in 1887, and then in 1900 he was the first one to make an upright piano in Japan.

Now after World War II, many piano manufacturers went out of business around the world. However, Yamaha was able to adapt and to go on economically, to diversify and continue to build pianos and be a strong company. You probably are familiar with the Yamaha motorcycles. They diversified and continued to gain revenue. Through their strong financial footings, they were able to afford to continue in research and development in the making of their pianos. The heartbeat of Yamaha was the piano business. Yamaha has gone on to become the largest manufacturer of pianos in the world, and also keyboards.

Today Yamaha is able to innovate and reinvent the piano with its technological advances. In fact, Yamaha probably puts more money into technical research and development than any other company in the world. Yamaha pianos today are the most technologically advanced instruments you can find anywhere. Time would not permit me to go over all the capabilities of their instruments, but I'm happy to announce that we are a full-line Yamaha piano company.

The top of the line of the Yamaha pianos are the Disklavier Enspire pianos and the TransAcoustic pianos. These pianos combine both the old tradition of fine acoustic elements of the Yamaha piano along with the latest computer age digital technology. Now I have a video showing how musicians can use this technology to help them create and perform music. Expand your playing to new levels and your creativity to new levels with the advanced Yamaha pianos.

Yamaha even has a new silent piano which is a great solution for those who want to practice on the feel and the touch of a real acoustic piano any time of the day or night and not disturb neighbors or family friends. A great solution for those who live in apartments or housing complexes where late playing of the piano would be unwelcomed and even forbidden.

We also carry the Yamaha Clavinova pianos. The CVP series instruments are like an orchestra at your fingertips. Again I have a video showing how you can use the Yamaha CVP pianos to teach everyone in your family to play music at all levels and to make music learning fun and entertaining for the whole family.

Then there's the Clavinova CLP series, which is a great alternative for those who cannot afford a new acoustic piano and want something that plays like an acoustic piano, feels like an acoustic piano, and never needs to be maintained or tuned. What people don't realize about a piano is that there is no such thing as a free piano. If you want to learn more about that, look at one of our articles of interest - I wrote a whole article about that.

The reason there is no such thing as a free piano is this: if somebody gave you a piano for free, you pay the moving and the tuning, and usually they always need - if it's a free piano they need some repairs - you'll wrap up at least $500 if not more. I've seen people that were given pianos that finally they realize they made a bad mistake, and we've had to dispose of them.

The new digital CLP pianos never need to be tuned, they come with a five-year warranty, their action responds more like a grand piano, and I can honestly say that unless you purchase a new higher-end grand or upright like our Yamaha pianos, you will not have a better piano to learn on.

Now we also carry portable digital pianos. There's no company that has more alternatives for portable digital pianos and keyboards than Yamaha. You can get a full 88-note digital piano through us just starting a little over $500, and this piano will never go out of tune, can fit anywhere in your home, it can be taken to college, used for special occasions at family get-togethers, weddings, nursing homes, etc. It could be used in church activities - a great alternative for a practice room in a church. If someone gave you a piano, again you'd probably wrap up more than $500 in fees and getting it in shape to play.

We also carry Yamaha portable workstations. These instruments have become the alternative to what used to be the home organ market. They have easy play styles and voices. These instruments come with a variety of levels of units, starting at a very economical entry level all the way up to the Genos. Watch my videos showing how I combine the workstation with Yamaha acoustic pianos that have MIDI out and digital MIDI organs to expand these instruments. You can even add bass pedals and a swell pedal to these instruments which would give you the equivalent of a home organ.

In the early 1980s I sold home organs for up to $18,000 that cannot do as much as these little workstations can do. Again, check out these instruments on our new website pianodepot.com.

Now Yamaha has a musical instrument and a keyboard for people at every level of playing and price point. We sell them all. We not only sell instruments, we tune, we move, we service pianos. We specialize in what we do. So call us or email us and let us know how we can serve you.

Now we're a family-owned and operated business. We look forward to serving you. Because a major part of our business is service, we sell by appointment only. Make sure you call us ahead of time for a sales appointment.

Now finally, we do sell select used and refurbished pianos. Do check with us to see what is in our inventory since our inventory is always changing.

Thank you for watching this video. Contact us to make an appointment to see our instruments. Thank you again, my name is Frank Bissell and I'm the owner of Piano Organ Depot. Thank you for watching our videos.
